{FEC} Updated existing documents (#855)
Haivision/srt: docs/API-functions.md

#### SRT_REJ_FILTER

The `SRTO_PACKETFILTER` option has been set differently on both connection

> parties (NOTE: this flag may not exist yet in this version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parties (NOTE: this flag does not exist in versions prior to 1.3.x).
```
